Add default for log-tag (#605)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

match/exceed conmon's read buffer. The file is truncated and re-opened so the
limit is never exceeded.

**log_tag**=""

> Default format tag for container log messages.  Helpful for specific

Reviewer: I think?
```suggestion
Default format tag for container log messages.  This is useful for creating a specific tag for container log messages. Container log messages default to using the truncated container ID as a tag.
```

> container log, messages. Containers logs default to truncated container ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
